Update Getting Started section [8348] (#112)
eProsima/Fast-RTPS-docs: docs/fastdds/getting_started/includes/what_is_rtps.rst

    RTPS high-level architecture

Communication revolves around **Topics**, which define and label the data being exchanged.
The topics do not belong to a specific participant.
The participant, through the RTPSWriters, makes changes in the data published under a topic, and through the RTPSReaders

> receives the data associated with the topics to which they subscribe.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
receives the data associated with the topics to which it subscribes.
```
